# Agenda

<Appear>
  <p>
    “Opening Keynote”: <span>Kyle Mathews</span>
  </p>
  <p>“Live Preview w/ Gatsby and Decoupled Drupal”: Preston So</p>
  <p>“Using WordPress as a Source for Gatsby”: Alexandra Spalato</p>
  <p>"Garbage Pail Components”: Marcy Sutton</p>
  <p>“Unconference”: Linda Watkins</p>
  <p>
    “Beyond Static: Building Dynamic Webapps with Gatsby”: Dustin
    Schau
  </p>
  <p>
    “Building (and Selling) Gatsby + Wordpress Sites”: Horacio Herrera
  </p>
  <p>“Zopa and the JAMStack”: Ben Read</p>
  <p>“Gatsby as a Create-React-App Replacement”: Khaled Garbaya</p>
  <p>“Theme Jam - Prismic Power Legal Pages Theme”: Allan Pooley</p>
</Appear>

<!-- 10.25AM - “Live Preview w/ Gatsby and Decoupled Drupal” Learn how
Third & Grove developers have been collaborating with the core Gatsby
team and contributors to improve the content editing experience by
introducing live preview capabilities to Gatsby sites consuming
Drupal. This presentation will also cover how to improve the content
editing process and how to implement live preview on your
Gatsby/Drupal architectures.” Speaker: Preston So

10.50AM - “Using WordPress as a Source for Gatsby” A look into the
advantages and possibilities that WordPress offers as source for
Gatsby. Learn how to use WPGraphQL and Advanced Custom Fields (ACF) in
a WordPress installation that produces content for a Gatsby front-end.
There will be a demo of how to use ACF’s “flexible content” fields to
make a custom content builder. Speaker: Alexandra Spalato

11.15am - “Garbage Pail Components” We’ll turn the “bad accessibility”
dial up to 11 in order to feel the pain that users with disabilities
experience on a regular basis. Some of the patterns in this talk will
be directly inspired from real life instances – because we can’t even
make this stuff up. By facing our miserable fears and burning
everything to the ground, we’ll be reborn and better equipped to
create truly successful user interfaces. Speaker: Marcy Sutton

11.45AM - Unconference Kickoff Gatsby’s Director of Marketing kicks
off the section of Gatsby Days where you, the audience are empowered
to choose topics for discussion and share your insights and
experiences. Speaker: Linda Watkins

12.00PM - Lunch!

1.00PM - Unconference Session

2.50PM “Beyond Static: Building Dynamic Webapps with Gatsby” For most
of us, “static sites” only work for simple sites, like personal blogs.
But static sites can do so much more! In this talk, learn how Gatsby
uses React and GraphQL to help you build apps that combine the
performance and workflow benefits of static sites with the flexibility
and power of server-driven sites, all in a modern dev stack! Speaker:
Dustin Schau

3.15PM - “Building (and Selling) Gatsby + Wordpress Sites” WordPress
is an incredible tool for managing content and allowing non-developers
to have full control over their websites. Gatsby makes building
high-performance website with an amazing developer experience fast and
fun. By combining the two, we get the best of both worlds for our
clients and ourselves! In this talk I will cover the process I’m using
to sell projects to my clients, with some tricks to start opening
doors for new ones. Speaker: Horacio Herrera

3.40PM - “Zopa and the JAMStack” Last year, Zopa switched to Gatsby
for their primary customer-facing website. In this talk you will see
some real-world examples of what challenges they encountered, along
with the many benefits they found when switching to the JAMStack.
Speaker: Ben Read

3.55PM - “Gatsby as a Create-React-App Replacement” Gatsby and
create-react-app are similar in that can help you set up an
application and removes much of the configuration headache. However,
Gatsby offers more. In this talk we’ll consider some reasons why
Gatsby could be a CRA replacement. Speaker: Khaled Garbaya

4.10PM - “Theme Jam - Prismic Power Legal Pages Theme” Learn about the
exemplary Theme Jam submission, “gatsby-theme-legals-prismic”. This
theme provides super polished, well designed, responsive pages for
your project’s legal documents (terms and conditions, privacy policy)
with minimal work on your end. Speaker: Allan Pooley

4.20PM - Closing Remarks

5.00PM - Happy Hour! Come hang out with the Gatsby team and your
fellow attendees as we close the day out with a drinks reception. -->

<Notes>
  <br /> Kyle
  <br /> Usual history lesson of how the internet was 10 years ago
  <br /> CMS' monolith
  <br /> CMS' now are a back end API thing
  <br /> who is gatsby for, gatsby is a professional grade web
  development tool
  <br /> for people who are professional web developers
  <br /> gatsby is simple but not easy
  <br /> full time learning team
  <br /> the world runs on websites/web apps
  <br /> content authors, with gatsby preview and immediate feedback
</Notes>
